=Heard Em Say=

And I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way.
So this is in the name of love like Robert say.
Before you ask me to go get a job today, can I at least get a raise of the minimum wage?
And I know that the government administer AIDS.
So I guess we just pray like the minister say.
Allāhu Akbar and throw him some hot cars.
Things we see on the screen that's not ours, but these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far.
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars, but they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars.
I guess they want us all behind bars - I know it.

Uh, and I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
But we'll a find a way.

They say people in your life are seasons and anything that happen is for a reason.
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezing.
And Gran keep praying and keep believing.
In Jesus, and one day that you see him.
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him.
The devil is alive I feel him breathin.
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin, and put them lottery tickets just to tease us.
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down.
So now my little cousin smokin them cigarettes now.
His job try to claim that he too n****rish now.
Is it cause his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out. I'm sick of it now.

Uh, and I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
But we'll a find a way.
And nothing last forever but be honest babe.
It hurts but it may be the only way.

=Touch the Sky=

I gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.
Gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.

Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc.
Before Cam got the shit to pop.
The doors was closed.
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the locks.
Now let's go. Take 'em back to the plan.
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van.
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them, plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment.
Let's take 'em back to the club.
Least about an hour I stand on line.
I just wanted to dance. I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance I just wanted to shine.
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!".
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend. I think I died in that accident, ‘cause this must be Heaven.
 

I gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.
Gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.

Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh.
Top of the world, baby, top top of the world!
Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!


Back when Gucci was the shit to rock.
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop.
I'd do anything to say I got it.
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket.
Before anybody wanted K. West beats, me and my girl split the bucket at KFC.
Dog, I was havin' nervous breakdowns.
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm goin' on an aeroplane and I don't know if I'll be back again.
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets but when she came to kick it, things became different.
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on, couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long.
I'm tryin' to right my wrongs but it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song.

I gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.
Gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.

I gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.
Gotta testify.
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly.
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky.

We back at home, baby!
Sky high, I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
Sky, sky high! I’m, I’m sky high!
Yeah, keep it rollin'!
Yeah, uh, feels good to be home, baby!
Feels good to be home!

=Gold Digger=

Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas.
Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head.

Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon with a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm.
She said: "I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm.
Far as girls, you got a flock.
I can tell by your charm and your arm."
But I'm lookin' for the one, have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have a ass like Serena.
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids and I gotta take all they bad asses to ShowBiz?
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends.
I pulled up in the Benz. They all got up in.
We all went to din' and then I had to pay.
If you fuckin' with this girl, then you better be paid.
You know why? It take too much to touch her.
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta.
My best friend said she used to fuck with Usher.
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her.

Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas.
Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head.

Eighteen years, eighteen years.
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years.
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids.
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his.
You will see him on TV any given Sunday.
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai.
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money.
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money.
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money.
Shoulda got that insured, Geico for your money.
If you ain't no punk, holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!"
It's somethin' that you need to have ‘cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half.
Eighteen years, eighteen years, and on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his?!

Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas.
Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, but she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head, get down.
Get down girl, go 'head.

Now, I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs.
You don't want a dude to smoke but he can't buy weed.
You go out to eat, he can't pay, y'all can't leave.
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves.
But while y'all washin', watch him.
He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun.
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes.
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries.
So stick by his side.
I know there's dudes ballin', and yeah, that's nice.
And they gonna keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl.
And when you get on, he'll leave yo' ass for a white girl.

Get down girl, go 'head, get down
Get down girl, go 'head, get down
Get down girl, go 'head, get down
Get down girl, go 'head

Let me hear that back

=Drive Slow=

Drive slow, homie.
Drive slow, homie.
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie.
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie.

My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May.
One of my best friends from back in the day.
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones.
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone.
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off and walked around the mall with his radio face off.
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand.
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man.
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices.
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices.
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away, left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'.
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy.
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy.
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty.
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby.
See back-back then-then, if you had a car you was the Chi-Town version of Baby.
And I was just a virgin, a baby.
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy.
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked.
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked.
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall.
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin 'em all.
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog, fuck all that flirtin', I'm tryin' to get in some drawers.
So put me on with these hoes, homie.
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie.

Drive slow, homie.
Drive slow.
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie.
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie.

Drive slow, homie.
Drive slow, homie.
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie.
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie.


My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib.
I got more TVs in here than where I live.

Drive slow, homie.
Drive slow, homie.
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie.
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie.
Drive slow, homie.

=Crack Music=

That's that crack music nigga.
That real black music nigga.
That's that crack music nigga.
That real black music nigga.

How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer.
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearin' when our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin.
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland.
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched.
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since.
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine.
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it, sell it, the fiends cop it.
Nowadays they can't tell if that's that good shit, we ain't sure man.
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah that's pure man.

That's that crack music nigga.
That real black music nigga.
That's that crack music nigga.
That real black music nigga.

From the place where the father's gone, the mothers is hardly home, and the Madigan's lock us up in the Audy Home.
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin' to party holmes.
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam.
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers.
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical.
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they own quota.
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove 'cause, 'cause, dreams of being Hova.
Went from bein' a broke man to bein' a dopeman, to bein' the President, look there's hope man.
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks man.
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin' and this is the soundtrack.
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that.

That's that crack music nigga.
That real black music nigga.
That's that crack music nigga.
That real black music nigga.

=Roses=

I know it's past visiting hours, but can I please give her these flowers?
The doctor don't wanna take procedures.
He claim her heart can't take the anaesthesia.
It'll send her body into a seizure.
That lil' thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beepin.
Hey chick, I'm at a loss for words.
What do you say at this time? Remember when I was 9?
Tell her everything gon' be fine, but I be lyin'.
Her family cryin', they want her to live, and she tryin'.
I'm arguin like what kind of doctor can we fly in.
You know the best medicine go to people that's paid.
If Magic Johnson got a cure for AIDS, and all the broke motherfuckers passed away.
You telling me if my grandma's in the NBA right now she'd be okay?
But since she was just a secretary, worked for the church for 35 years things 'sposed to stop right here?
My grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong.
That's where I get my confidence from.
I asked the nurse "Did you do the research?"
She asked me, "Can you sign some t-shirts?"
Bitch, is you smokin reefer?
You don't see that we hurt? But still.

I smile, when Rosie comes to see me and I can't wait for a sunny day.
Can't wait for the clouds to break.

They outside of the emergency room, room.
You can feel my heartbeat, beat, beat.
If she gon' pull through, we gon' find out soon, but right now she asleep, sleep, sleep.
My momma say they say she could pass away any day.
Hey chick, what these doctors know anyway?
Let me see the X-rays, I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt.
Cousin Kim took off of work.
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Clay and Aunt Jean, so many Aunties we could have an Auntie Team.
Feel like Amerie, it's just "One Thing".
When they said that she made it you see they eyes gleam.
I think we at a all-time high.
To get there, we run, we fly, we drive.
Cause with my family we know where home is and so instead of sending flowers, we're the roses.

I smile, when Rosie comes to see me and I can't wait for a sunny day.
Can't wait for the clouds to break.

I smile, when Rosie comes to see me and I can't wait for a sunny day.
Can't wait for the clouds to break.

=Bring Me Down=

We gon' to Mass today, we have to pray, besides what the pastor say.
I have to say, since Pac passed away most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me.
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything, there'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream.
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is.
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids.
But they gon' have to take my life 'fore they take my drive, 'cause when I was barely livin', that's what kept me alive.
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time.
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind and get some leeway on the he say she say.
Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay?
Spanish girls say "Yo, no hablo inglés", and everybody want to run to me for their single/
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help.
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself.
Dawg, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself.
Dawg, if I was you, I'd kill myself.
Made a mil' myself and I'm still myself and I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help.
Now I'll speak from the heart, y'all all frontin'.
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel something.
 
=Addiction=

Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would.
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could.

What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three.
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us.
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm her drugs.
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious.
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush.
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be spontaneous.
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca-Cola.
Then I'm co coming over cause it's never over.


Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would.
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could.

I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show.
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blown.
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go.
Then I'll get the lotion, and do somethin' to me, when your thighs is exposed.
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose.
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose.
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed.
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca Cola and I keep co coming over cause it's never over.


I just wanted to ask you.
Just wanted to um, let me, how would I put this uhh.
Let's say all your friends, remember the one.
You said if you ever she would be the one.
I was thinking, hypothetically, I mean don't take this seriously.
Don't take me: I mean just, uhh, not credibly.
I'm feeling incredibly, I mean let it be.
I just let it be.
I mean you, her and me.
I mean you, her and me.
Maybe, baby, baby.
You know I was just kidding.
Unless you gon' do it.

=Diamonds From Sierra Leone (Remix)=


Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme

Good mornin', this ain't Vietnam still.
People lose hands, legs, arms, for real.
Little was known of Sierra Leone and how it connect to the diamonds we own.
When I speak of diamonds in this song, I ain't talkin' about the ones that be glowin'.
I'm talkin' about Roc-a-Fella, my home.
My chain, these ain't conflict diamonds.
Is they, Jacob? Don't lie to me, man.
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin'.
How? When I know what a blood diamond is?
Though it's thousands of miles away Sierra Leone connects to what we go through today.
Over here it's a drug trade, we die from drugs.
Over there they die from what we buy from drugs.
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses.
I thought my Jesus piece was so harmless.
'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless, and here's the conflict.
It's in a black person soul to rock that gold.
Spend your whole life tryin' to get that ice.
On a Polo rugby, it looks so nice.
How can somethin' so wrong make me feel so right?
Right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike, you can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight.

Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme

People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back?
That'll be the same day I give the game back.
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance that bring our rain back.
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"

=We Major=

We major? C'mon homie we major.
We major? C'mon homie we major.
We major, c'mon homie we major.
We major, c'mon.

Feelin better than some head on a Sunday afternoon.
Better than a chick that say yes too soon.
Until you have a daughter that's what I call karma and you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon.
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up.
Niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up.
Why else you think shorties write rhymes just to blow up?
Get they first car and then IRS show up.
He ain't never had shit, but he had that 9.
Nigga come through flickin and he had that shine.
Put 2 and 2 together and a little bad weather, gon' be your whole family on that funeral line.
Asked the reverend was the strip clubs cool if my tips helped send a pretty girl through school?
That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey.
I ain't in the Klan but I brought my hood with me.

Can I talk my shit again?
Can I talk my shit again?!
I can't believe I'm back up in this muh'fucker.
I'mma be late though.
I gotta figure out what I'm finna wear.
Yeah... the Roc is definitely in the building.
GOOD Music's definitely in the building.
I gotta say what's up to Tony Williams.
On the vocals sings, he sings quite beautifully.
Don't you agree? Don't you agree?
Uhh, and Jon Brion on the keys right now.
And Warren Campbell on the keys right now.
So they ask me - why you call it Late Registration 'Ye?
Cause we takin these muh'fuckers back to school.
If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along.


=Hey Mama=

Hey Mama. I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you.
Let me tell you what I'm about to do.
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school.
I appreciate what you allowed for me.
I just want you to be proud of me.

I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine.
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine.
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times.
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind.
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the Chi.
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold.
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul.
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights.
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike.
And you would give anything in this world.
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl.
And you never put no man over me and I love you for that mommy can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes cuz a nigga cheatin, telling you lies.
Then I started to cry.
As we knelt on the kitchen floor I said mommy I'mma love you till you don't hurt no more.
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more and I'mma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford.
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable, highly capable, lady that's makin loot.
A livin legend too, just look at what heaven do.
Send us an angel, and I thank you.

Hey Mama. I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you.
Let me tell you what I'm about to do.
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school.
I appreciate what you allowed for me.
I just want you to be proud of me.

Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates".
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate.
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with, but still supported me when I did the opposite.
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get, things I gotta do, just to prove to you you was getting through.
Can the choir please give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me".
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry.
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy.
Come on mommy just dance wit me, let the whole world see your dancing feet.
Now when I say Hey, yall say Mama, now everybody answer me.

Hey Mama. I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you.
Let me tell you what I'm about to do.
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school.
I appreciate what you allowed for me.
I just want you to be proud of me.

I guess it also depends though, if my ends low, second they get up you gon get that Benzo. 
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know.

Tell your job you gotta fake em out.
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out to a restaurant, upper echelon.
I'mma get you a Jag, whatever else you want.
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right.
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday, for me to just call and say.

I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you.
Let me tell you what I'm about to do.
You know i love you so.
I never let you go.
Wrote this song just so you know no matter where you go our love is true.

=Celebration=

Yeah, you know what this is.
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass.
After that I grab yo ass.

Why you actin' all shy and all?
Why is y'all lyin' for?
"I never did this before...".
Stop that.
What, you want some Patron?
I got that.
I mean I promise y'all, you fine and all and your girlfriend, she kinda raw.
But she not like you.
No, she not like you.
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue.
All that talking is gon' give me a Tylenol.
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all.
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off.

But, I just thought you should know we hit the liquor store.
Got some Cris' and some Mo' and we about to let it floooooow.
Had some problems before but see we let em go.
Got an ounce of that 'dro and we about to let it bloooooow.

Yeah, you know what this is.
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass.
After that I grab yo ass.

See you know my style.
I'm very wild and I vow that my child will be well endowed, like his daddy.
And tell him that your mama had a fattie.
He looked up at me said, "daddy that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was praticing 'til one day your ass bust through the packaging.
You know what though? You my favorite accident.
So go head pop some Cristal.
For my newborn child 'cause now y'all.

Yeah, you know what this is.
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass.
After that I grab yo ass.

But, I just thought you should know, we hit the liquor store.
Got some Cris' and some Mo' and we about to let it floooooow.
Had some problems before but see we let em go.
Got an ounce of that 'dro and we about to let it bloooooow.

=Gone=

[Produced by Kanye West]

You sweat her and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi.
You a Big L and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J.
See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis.
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay.
Groupies say I'm too choosy.
Take em to the show and talk all through the movies.
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays.
If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way.


Y'all don't want no prob' from me.
What you rappers could get is a job from me.
Maybe you could be my intern and in turn I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter.
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn?
Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn.
Plus he already got three children.
Arguin' over babysitters like bitch it's yo turn.
"Damn Ye it'd be stupid to diss you.
Even your superficial raps is super-official."
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on with TVs in the ride, throw a movie on.
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with Doobie Long cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone.

I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out, so the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out.
And that make me wanna get my advance out and move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house.
Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind.
Kanye step away from the lime light like when I was on the grind in the 1-9-9-9.
Before model chicks was bending over, or dealerships asked me "Benz or Rover?"
Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova we could get up off this cheap-ass sofa.
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old?
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role.
My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural.
Fired a week later, the manager count the churros.
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro' how we out in Europe, spending Euros.
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone.
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on.
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs.
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free.
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin you'll sell everything including the mannequin.
They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston.
Hold on I'll handle it. Don't start panickin', stay calm.
Shorties at the door cause they need more.
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs.
They said, "Sorry, Mr. West is gone".

=Diamonds from Sierra Leone=

Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe.
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses.
And I've realized that I've arrive 'cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe.
Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think 'em.
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of.
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort or even a four-track recorder.
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche.
Spoil yourself, that's important.
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men, then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan".
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man.
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't.

Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe.
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.

I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me.
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry.
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him.
Thirty minutes later sein' there's no convincin' him.
What more could you ask for? The international asshole who complain about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old.
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul.
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame.
When he came in the game, he made his own lane.
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name.
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne.
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown.
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town.
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down.
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down.
My father been said I need Jesus so he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar.
The preacher said we need leaders.
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic.
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it.
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it.
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic.
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic.
After debris settles and the dust get swept off Big K pick up where young Hov left off.
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of.
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up."
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up.
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up.
In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up.
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back?
That'll be the same day I give the game back.
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back.
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen".
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man with the power to make a diamond with his bare hands.

Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe.
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.


=Late

I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that.
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that.
I'm comin' in when I feel like.
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right.
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that.
I think I was made for that.
So I'm comin' in when I feel like.
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right.

Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'.
Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in.
Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom.
Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one.
They said the best classes go to the fastest. Sorry, Mr. West, there's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get.
Not even electives? Not even prerequisites?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin' with all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin'.
Man, this is an insult.
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow.
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo.
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro.
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo?
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh.
Stop your cryin', baby.

I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that.
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that.
I'm comin' in when I feel like.
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right.
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that.
I think I was made for that.
So I'm comin' in when I feel like.
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right.

You know when you be late you miss all the lights.
That's right.
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight that night.
Baby, it's too late for that. Lately I've been takin it slow.
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close.
With the freshest hoes, the professors know, we about to get real unprofessional.
Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like?
Hmm, I'll be on time for that.
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that.
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later?
"I'll be there in five minutes," go 'head, ride with it.
I'm so live with it, look how I did it.
Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it.
I know it's late and I took all year but you can stop complainin' 'cause I'm finally here, yeah.
